I genuinely believe that music streaming is the future of the industry, and it has made music more accessible to people. However, there are many critics who believe that music streaming is hurting the industry, and that music streaming services do not pay artists enough money.

I want to better understand the impact of music streaming services on the music industry and artists based on revenues generated within the industry for artists. I also wish to identify which category of artists (based on popularity) benefit from or are hurt by these music streaming services. In completing this goal, I hope to clarify the misconceptions surrounding music streaming services, and if necessary, inform better royalty pool structures for current and future music streaming services in order to better serve artists. In achieving this, I plan to collect data on revenues generated in the US music industry by format (CD sales, concert ticket sales, vinyl sales, etc.) over 30+ years. Then, I will categorize artists based on their popularity by looking at social media likes/follows, and will collect data on their estimated revenues based on the existing royalty pool structures established by streaming services. Because my main goal is to demystify the impact music streaming services have on the music industry, my priority will lie in collecting data on revenues earned in the music industry.

EDIT
Goal: I want to better understand the impact of music streaming services on the music industry and artists based on revenues generated within the industry for artists. I also wish to identify which category of artists (based on popularity) benefit from or are hurt by these music streaming services.

Input: Secondary research on what industry people are saying about streaming services, what artists are saying about streaming services. If there are complaints, why are they complaining about it. Collecting data on number of artsits utilizing streaming services, and see which kinds of artists are utilizing streaming services more.  Acknoledge that music streaming services is good. 
Activities: Production and sale  of music , revenue generated from the sale
Output: I plan to collect data on revenues generated in the US music industry by format (CD sales, concert ticket sales, vinyl sales, etc.) over 30+ years. Then, I will categorize artists based on their popularity by looking at social media likes/follows, and will collect data on their estimated revenues based on the existing royalty pool structures established by streaming services.
Outcomes: I want artists to utilize music streaming services to their benefit and see them as a beneficial tool for them as opposed to something that hurts them - prevent exclusives

build model??? predicting model how to do that? 

- how to present
- what is going on? 
- argument 

- Do an interactive piece 
Use Plotly, 

Hypothesis - there'something there. how can i take that to make it clear 
Think through what the logic model is
What is impacting the increase? Music industry 
Looking at historical data
every time streaming service there is a spike 

pulling aggregate numbers - why I think what it means
